Docs: sharding (#1204)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/platform-engineers/system-operation/controller-sharding.md

---
title: Controller Sharding
---

## Background

> As many adopters start to choose KubeVela to manage thousands of Applications in production, the performance issue becomes increasingly critical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As many adopters start to choose KubeVela to manage large scale applications in their production, we have more and more scenarios and experiences on performance issue.
```

Author: fixed
